Feat: AI rate limiting advanced (#830)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/ai-rate-limiting-advanced/index.md

The same HTTP request can vary greatly in cost depending on the calculation of the 
LLM providers.

A common pattern to protect your AI API is to analyze and assign costs to incoming queries, then rate limit the consumer's

> cost for a given time window and providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cost for a given time window and provider.
```

The plugin supports three strategies to calculate the number of tokens, configurable using the parameter [`tokens_count_strategy`](./reference/#schema--config-token-count-strategy):

{% table %}
columns:
  - title: Strategy
    key: strategy
  - title: Description
    key: description
rows:
  - strategy: "`total_tokens`"
    description: Represents the total number of tokens, including both the prompt and the generated completion, in the LLM's input sequence.
  - strategy: "`prompt_tokens`"
    description: Represents the tokens provided by the user as input to the LLM, typically defining the context or task.
  - strategy: "`completion_tokens`"
    description: Represents the tokens generated by the LLM in response to the prompt, representing the completed output or continuation of the task.
  - strategy: "`cost`"
    description: |
      {% new_in 3.8 %} Represents the financial or computational cost incurred based on the tokens used by the LLM during the request. Using this strategy can help you limit API usage based on the actual costs of processing the request, ensuring that expensive requests (in terms of token usage) are managed more carefully. 
      <br><br>

>       This cost is calculated by taking the sum of multiplying the number of prompt tokens by the cost per prompt token (input cost) and by multiplying the number of completion tokens by the cost per completion token (output cost): `cost = prompt_tokens * input_cost + completion_tokens * output_cost`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      This cost is the sum of the number of prompt tokens multiplied by the cost per prompt token (input cost) and the number of completion tokens multiplied by the cost per completion token (output cost): `cost = prompt_tokens * input_cost + completion_tokens * output_cost`. 
```

      <br><br>

      {:.warning}
      > To use this strategy, you must define the `config.input_cost` and `config.output_cost` in either the [AI Proxy](/plugins/ai-proxy/) or [AI Proxy Advanced plugin](/plugins/ai-proxy-advanced/).
{% endtable %}

### Request prompt function

You can decide to use a custom function to count the tokens for a requests. 

> Configure it using [`config.request_prompt_count_function`](./reference/#schema--config-request-prompt-count-function).

Reviewer: Maybe a post-GA task, but a function example would be useful
